Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to change this on change callback to be the save callback.
Now currently you might not be able to know the difference between the change callback and the unsaved
callback.
But in the future, when we create the search functionality, we are going to use this on change callback
and by that time you will know the difference between the change callback and the unsaved callback.
Okay.
So for now we have to get rid of this or change callback.
And within the test form field it has the property known as unsaved.
And over here we need a no check.
Right.
And we also have to change this.
To.
On Save.
And over here we have to use the no check.
And why you?
On Save.
And no check.
And over where?
Over here.
On Save.
And no check.
Okay.
And lastly, what we can also do.
We can make sure the form is saved before sending all these fields to the database.
To do that right before this, if images if our image result is empty, we can make sure the form is
saved.
That is, save the form first.
That is, save the form for us locally before submitting all of them, all the fields to the database.
To do that, we have to say underscore from key.
On this call from KY.
We also do have to get the current situation of the form by saying states and now we have to say dot
save or via.
Great.
So basically what we are doing is if all these fields are valid, we want to save the farm locally first.
Right.
And after we want to check if the user has picked images.
If yes, then we want to print just the price and the quantity.
And also we are using the state in order to set the images to know.
Right.
So you can see this empty list as low or just at least with that variable.
So we are results and it's the more you can see why we created this variable called images and we said
it's not.
And currently we are passing the value that is the images to this variable.
So it is no longer no at this moment.
Right.
And over here, we are setting it back.
We are setting it back to.
No.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand this.
And over here we are saying on the score from key the state that we set.
So basically we set all these fields.
All these fields we have.
Okay.
Now let's try this out.
Basically it's going to work same.
That is why I said in the future, when we create the search functionality, you will fully understand
the difference between the save and the change callback.
Okay.
But for now, you can just see as the same thing.
Okay for the price.
It's going to be under a dollar.
We didn't really need to pass the.
The DOT default is going to have the DOT zero for us.
Okay.
And five.
I'm just going to type something gibberish and something gibberish.
And I'm going to click on.
Applaud.
So upload.
Okay.
You can see now.
What's similar?
I think we did not save what is going to be the same thing.
And go check it out.
Okay.
Now we have this error.
I'm just going to do all three studies again.
Or to be certain.
And we have to try these apps to make sure we have no single harass.
Okay.
And now we have to try this.
First of all, I'm going to pick the product images.
So.
All right.
Pick this.
Pick this sari.
Pick this and pick this.
And select.
Okay.
It's there.
And for the price we can say ten and for the quantity we can say for and for the product name.
I'm just going to say something gibberish.
And for the product description, something gibberish and click on upload.
Okay.
And go check it out.
I think we are printing it out.
You can see the Viet Thanh and you can see it hard that the dots zero for us and you can see two.
Very good.
Okay.
Seems good.
Okay, guys.